feat(inputs.win_perf_counters): Add remote computers support (#11090)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/win_perf_counters/README.md

Example:
`IgnoredErrors=["PDH_NO_DATA"]`

#### Sources

(Optional)

Host names or ip addresses of computers to gather all performance counters from.
The user running Telegraf must be authenticated to the remote computer(s).
E.g. via Windows sharing `net use \\SQL-SERVER-01`.
Use either localhost (`"localhost"`) or real local computer name to gather counters
also from localhost among other computers. Skip, if gather only from localhost.

> If a performance object is present only on specific hosts set `Source` param on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a performance counter is present only on specific hosts set `Sources` param on
```

> the object level configuration to override global Sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the specific counter level configuration to override global (plugin wide) Sources.
```

`["*"]` for all the counters of the object, if the `UseWildcardsExpansion` param
is set to `true`.

#### Sources (Object)

(Optional)

Overrides the [Sources](#sources) global parameter for current performance object.
See [Sources](#sources) description for more details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: 
 ` [[inputs.win_perf_counters.object]]
    ObjectName = "Memory"
    Counters = ["Available Bytes"]
    Instances = ["------"]
    Measurement = "win_mem"
    Sources = ["localhost"]`
```

@sspaink Having an example on how to override is helpful in my opinion, let me know your thoughts.

Reviewer 2: We can add this later I think.
